c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\DataBaseProject.exe.config
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\DataBaseProject.exe
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\DataBaseProject.pdb
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.pdb
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject.g.resources
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject.exe
c:\users\awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject.pdb
C:\Users\Awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Autofac.dll
C:\Users\Awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\LoginView.baml
C:\Users\Awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\LoginView.g.cs
C:\Users\Awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\MainControlView.baml
C:\Users\Awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\MainControlView.g.cs
C:\Users\Awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRowView.baml
C:\Users\Awa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\RunCommandView.baml
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\RunCommandView.g.cs
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\TablesView.baml
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\TablesView.g.cs
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\DataBaseProject.exe.config
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject.exe
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject.pdb
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\DataBaseProject.exe
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\DataBaseProject.pdb
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Autofac.dll
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.pdb
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRowView.baml
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\LoginView.baml
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\MainControlView.baml
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\RunCommandView.baml
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\TablesView.baml
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRowView.g.cs
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\LoginView.g.cs
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\MainControlView.g.cs
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\RunCommandView.g.cs
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\TablesView.g.cs
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject.g.resources
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\DataBaseProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\AddTableView.baml
C:\Users\Awa\Documents\GitHub\Database\Database\DataBaseProject\DataBaseProject\obj\Debug\Views\AddTableView.g.cs
